Notes about trial runs with pdf index generator, bugs, tweaking settings etc.
# Index version 4.1
**Project file in pdf index generator: parasites_index_v4.1.pdfig**
* PDF v11 split so original index removed (pg 1-166)
* Baseword_query_v4.txt made by merging all words that were indented
	  * Some indented words may need to become subheadings rather than merged see list
* People_names_v3.txt
    * Names from the csv converted to a txt file
	  * It is supposed to be possible to change the format so name are displayed as below but I haven’t figured that out yet:
      * Surname, Name 


**Index report  v4.1**
  Total number of words indexed : 1751
  Total number of words not found in the book : 172
  Total number of pages indexed : 664
  Total number of pages failed to be indexed : 0
  Total time taken : (8) min, (23) sec
  Operation success : 100.0 %

## Notes
* In report words not found some seem to be because words that are **hyphenated are not detected** e.g. avian influenza ( in v11),
    * corticosteroid
    > BC: Answer from software helpline (Hesham):
    
     * Click Tools -> Settings -> Generating Index
        * Disable the option "Read the visual text of the book".
        * Save your settings, then generate the index once again.
* There is **duplication of page numbers** in the final index, see if there is a setting somewhere, presumably the word appears twice on the page?
  *	E.g. congenital
  > BC: duplicate numbers appear in the table but not in the final index (resolved)
*	Step1: index specific pages was not done and so pages are a bit off
*	If you set a header word are the specific cases removed from the page numbers of the header ? e.g. Anopheles
*	Times New Roman 10 was used for other index apply next time in last step.
*	Does subhead need to be a baseword or can you assign new?
	  * When subheadings not sci names should they also be merged with base word
* How to prevent duplication of subword in headword? 
  * Mr. Darcy 10-14
   	    * Darcy 10-14
# Index version 4.2
**Project file in pdf index generator: parasites_index_v4.2.pdfig**  
? testing duplicate page numbers?

# Index version 4.3
**Project file in pdf index generator: parasites_index_v4.3.pdfig**
* Test fix for detecting unhypenated words
> BC: Fix worked. e.g avian influenza detected
* subheadings not detected? Did I select that category?
> BC: redo chose test not real subheadings rerun indexing on this file

## Index report  v4.3

  Total number of words indexed : 1858
  Total number of words not found in the book : 77
  Total number of pages indexed : 664
  Total number of pages failed to be indexed : 0
  Total time taken : (9) min, (24) sec
  Operation success : 100.0 %
  
## Notes
* How select names only so that can apply the Surname, Name formatting?  
* Editing index
  * Manage labels
    * allows you to group types of words together
    * how select all names?
* If word in baseword list and header-subheader list how merge?
	* appears twice in index see index_v4.3.pdf
	* eg Cryptosporidium
	* settings, overwrite duplicates?

# Index version 6.1
- BaseTerms_v6_for_merging.txt
	-merged_baseterms_v6.txt (generated by merge_words.py script)
- headwords_with_subheaders_v3.txt
- Names_7thEdition_V3.xlsx

## Aims
- group names before table stage so already have a label to group them by?
	-asked Hesham
- tweak merging so subhead words pg numbers not in header page numbers?
- format final pdf Times New Roman 10
- overwrite duplicates merge and headword queries
	-try setting -> merge with existing word

## Index report  v6.1
  Total number of words indexed : 1930
  Total number of words not found in the book : 46
  Total number of pages indexed : 664
  Total number of pages failed to be indexed : 0
  Total time taken : (8) min, (52) sec
  Operation success : 100.0 %
  
  ## Notes
  - merge with existing word did not merge header words with base terms in merged base term list
  	- e.g. amoebiasis
  

